# VEBO-Couple
The #1 online wedding gift registration website, VEBO, brings all couples their very own experience-   based wedding registry gift app.   VEBO, the leader in experience-based wedding registries and gift registry services, fundamentally   believes that happiness is created by sharing experiences with loved ones. VEBO introduces an   improved iPhone app for busy brides or anyone else who just wants to receive the perfect gift for any   occasion. The VEBO experience-based wedding registry is perfect for modern couples who collect   moments, not things.   Create a free registry or login to your existing one and add exceptional experience gifts from anywhere   with your iPhone.   The VEBO Couple app is a great, easy way to manage your wedding gift registry on the go!   Science proves that shared experiences with loved ones leads to happier marriages. However, most   wedding registries only include household products that often end up collecting dust. VEBO features   curated experiences that the couple will remember for a very long time. Guests love VEBO as they   would rather give experiences than household appliances or money.   The magical wedding registry application, VEBO provides an alternative registry more aligned with   promoting happiness… by offering shared experiences with loved ones.   One of VEBO’s core values is giving. VEBO offers couples the opportunity to choose their favorite   charity. VEBO commits to giving 5% of the sales from the couple’s registry to the charity that they have   selected.
